# MLBD_07_2022_MRes
This 'MLBD_07_2022_MRes' file is only for MRes Machine Learning and Big Data in Physical Sciences research project (algorithmic optimisation of deformable mirror in live laser experiments) at Imperial College London.
'take_picture_for_large_data_set.ipynb' includes the codes how to control the Thorlab Camera by python, how to edit the pixel size, the exposure time, and how to save them with PWM values as the filename. This code is what I used for collecting my large data size (80000 images) to train my six binary classifiers. (although only 5000 of them were used at the end.) This part of code can also work with GA to achieve the closed-loop system.
'ServoPi_Minimal.py' is provided by Prof Roland Smith at Imperial College London and 'pi_control.py' is my version how to use it. 'pi_control.py' is the code which controls raspberry pi by input the PWM values generated by the GA, updated in a real time with WinSCP software. The annealing code is also included in this file.
'quality_number_analysis.ipynb' contains six methods for analysing the quality of focal spot images. Import different image files and we can test the robustness and stability of each method. The results can be seen on the thesis of this project.
'binary_classifier_including_CNN' contains six methods for classfying good or bad images. CNN is one of them. The results of accuracy of each one can be seen in theis as well.
'GA-python.ipynb' is the structure of genetic algorithm. The initial population can be customised and the quality number analysis method can also be alternative. Results of GA in closed-loop system are in thesis.
'Zernike polynomial.ipynb' and 'Zernike_example.ipynb' are two files to simply have a look at Zernike moments of focal spot images.
